Exercise 2:List main differences between primitive data type int and class Integer. Be as specific as possible. What are advantages of using each one? List all specific functionalities that are available when using one and not the other. Consult Java API as a resource to find out this information. Save your answer to a text file named exercise2.txt.Int: Int is a primitive data type that stores binary value of integer in it. It is used to create the simple integer variable or value type and store it into memory. It simply has lesser flexibility than Integer. Integer: Integer is a class in a Java.lang.Number package which is a wrapper class.It helps in converting int into object that comes with lots of methods and functionalities.It has more flexibility to store, convert, and manipulate the data which do not come with int variable. Differences A.Int-Type: int is the data type that stores 32-bit signed 2’s compliment integer and faster to        work with but, it doesn’t have other special functionalities and methods. -Purpose: int helps in storing integer values into memory. -Flexibility: int provides lesser flexibility than Integer as it only allows binary values 	      of an integer in it. -Memory Allocation: int is a primitive data type and takes 32 bits store. -Casting: In java, we can’t assign the String Value (contains integers only) to a variable 	  directly or even by casting. -Direct Conversion to Other Base: We cannot convert’s int’s integer value to other base. -Allowed Operation: Int do not allowed any of inbuilt functions to change its value or		    syntax.B.Integer 
-Type: Integer is a wrapper class which wraps a primitive type int into an object which 	comes with methods and functionalities. -Purpose: Integer helps for converting an int into Object and Object into int as required.
 -Flexibility: Integer is more flexible in storing, manipulating an int data. Since wrapper 		classes inherit Object class, they can be used in collection with object		reference. -Memory Allocation: Integer can take up to 128 bits to store its int value. -Casting: We can assign string to an object of Integer type using the Integer(String) 	   constructor or by using parseInt(String) to convert a String literal to an int 	   value. -Direct Conversion to Other Base: We can directly convert its integer value to other 		bases such as Binary, Octal or Hexadecimal format by using 				toBinaryString(),toOctalString() or toHexString() respectively.-Allowed Operation: We can reverse number or rotate it left or right by using 		    reverse(), rotateLeft() and rotateRight() respectively.